It's first day morning in Hong Kong!
LOOΠΔ got a good sleep last night
LOOΠΔ : Hello~
HaSeul : In Hong Kong...
HaSeul : We're going to...
HaSeul : really....
HyunJin : (Anyway) Fighting!
HeeJin : Fighting~
This shot would be familiar to fans of LOOΠΔ!
The girls are working hard!
Change clothes!
HaSeul : Let me show you my vocal music
HeeJin : I really want to listen~!
After her short performance, they are shooting again!
The girls got around every corner of Hong Kong all day
HaSeul : We're on our way to the hotel for a rest
HaSeul : and then we'll film MV tomorrow
HaSeul : Because there's other scenes that we didn't film in New Zealand
HaSeul : The music video will be full of happy and good vibes~
HaSeul : We'll do our best again tomorrow!
HaSeul : Fighting!
ViVi : Fighting!
HaSeul : See you tomorrow~!